Yu-yu.
It's Daddy.
You've grown so much.
Here.
This is for you.
Tell Grandma to buy you some meat.
Isn't meat your favorite?
Sweetie, eat your meals.
Don't upset Grandma.
Okay?
Daddy will…
come back for you soon.
Go back now.
You have to grow up safe and sound.
THE LATE MR. LIN CHUNG-KUN
Ting-yu, where are you going?
I don't know.
If I bring it home,
my grandma will use it for pickling.
You should wash it first.
Fuck, that's not the point, okay?
Fuck, my grandma was right.
Don't trust a damn thing my dad said.
At least he didn't make you his caregiver.
He died in the hospital.
That was decent of him, right?
Any inheritance?
-Inheritance, my ass.
-Shit.
He left a ton of debt.
Come on, man.
Why don't we…
give him a sea burial?
Didn't he say the world was his home?
Fuck. Are you sure?
Is this even legal?
-It's fine.
-Fuck it!
Feed him to the fishes.
Hey, fuck! Hey!
-Shit, you idiot!
-Fuck.
-Fuck, I ate a dead guy.
Fuck, you ate my dad!
-Scatter it yourself. Fuck you!
-Idiot.
Your dad's all over my clothes.
It's in my hair!
Take it!
Help me brush it off. This is expensive!
-Your arms.
-My arms.
It's all over you.
Yu-Yu.
Daddy will…
come back for you soon.
Fuck, what's the point of coming back now?
Hey!
Is anybody there?
Anyone?
Hey!
Is anyone there?
DIE
OCTOBER 4TH
Chia-jen.
Li Hsin-ping is off this case.
Who decided that? Mr. Chieh?
She altered documents to investigate Yeh,
so I put her on desk duty.
Her punishment is a written apology.
Did you release Kuo Ta-fu?
Chia-jen.
I detained him.
Another killing happened
during his detention.
I never said he killed Lin Po-lun.
Did you detain him
over the influencer murder case?
Was Lin Po-lun an influencer?
If anyone's releasing him, it's me.
It's just protocol.
Once time's up, we have to release him.
I don't want to cause
the precinct more trouble.
Besides, you gave Kuo Ta-fu his alibi.
The media is on our backs every day.
-One slip and we're screwed.
-Don't be a cop if that scares you.
How can I be a cop if I'm screwed?
-Morning, Mr. Jen.
-Hi.
You're here too, Mr. Ho?
We need High-Tech Crime Unit
on this case, too?
The influencer murder case.
The Internet and tech go hand in hand.
So we must…
Let's talk later.
The preliminary cause of death
is excessive bleeding from stab wounds.
There's a wound on the right palm,
and one on the inner right arm.
Right here.
And four wounds on the abdomen.
This stab was the fatal wound.
It punctured the liver
and lodged under the rib.
Any information about the killer?
Yes.
There was skin and hair
found under his fingernails.
Results from the lab just came in.
There's no match in the database,
but it's confirmed to be female.
Female?
Yes.
A female suspect
stabbed the victim four times.
That requires close range.
He was stabbed four times
and put up no effective resistance.
The killer is either trained
or someone he knew.
I think it's someone he knew.
Lin Po-lun was killed by stabbing.
His wounds are low,
stabbed upward from below.
This suggests the killer
is likely an average-height female.
Liu Yen-hua drowned
by being held underwater.
He's 180 centimeters tall.
It'd be hard for an average woman
to hold him down.
And the body was thrown off Yunong Bridge.
The railing there
is at least a meter high.
Considering all this,
it'd be hard for a woman to do it alone.
The killer isn't the same person.
Call Kao Pi.
Call Chen Chia-jen.
Fuck!
Help!
Fuck…
I don't need them.
My daughter hates my smoking.
Fuck!
Is anyone there?
Anyone?
ONE YEAR AGO
Hello, I'm Wei Yen.
Hi, I'm Wa Tsai.
Welcome to our channel,
Wei Fa Yen!
Today, we're at Raohe Night Market.
Yes, why are we here?
It's pouring.
What do you see here?
Food. Don't they sell food here?
-No. Think again.
-Right?
Girls?
Hey…
Wet girls!
-That's what you're thinking, right?
-No!
-What else?
-Your turn.
-What is it?
-Yeah.
-What? Dumbass.
-What "yeah"? Wrong!
-What is it?
-There are a lot here.
-What's that?
-Put your hand out.
COCKROACH
-You idiot!
-Get lost!
-Hey, are you stupid?
-Damn!
You're so immature.
-What are you looking for?
-Fireworks.
-Fireworks?
-Fireworks on a rainy day?
-You sure?
-You'll see.
-I'll take the big one.
-I want sparklers.
Are you getting sparklers?
-What the heck?
-Why?
For up your ass?
-I'll throw in two small packs for free.
-Nice!
-Here we go.
-C'mon…
-Are you filming?
-Yes.
Here we go.
Is it gonna shoot up?
-No.
-Hurry…
Holy crap.
-Lame.
-That sucked.
What the heck?
For fuck's sake.
One more time.
Just film the gutter.
Are they sleeping?
Hurry…
Oh man, this video is lame.
-What now?
-Don't film it, then.
What about these two packs?
I told you to blast it up your ass.
That's trashy.
No, listen.
It'll look sick on camera. Trust me.
-I'm not feeling it. Let's go.
-No?
Fuck.
Why the fuck did you do that?
-You idiot.
-It's not broken.
-Hey.
Hey, I got an idea…
I have a sick idea.
What?
Shit.
-Fuck!
Your aim is too good!
-I'll blow your head off.
-Stop it!
Shit.
What the heck?
-Hey, slow down…
-Get his face…
I can't get him…
Fuck! Hurry, get past him. Quick!
Go faster!
-Get his face! Aim for his tires.
-Fuck you!
-So aggressive?
-Get him.
Light the big one.
Get his head!
-Shit…
-Hey! Fuck you!
Wait, shit.
Can we even post this on UTurn?
Don't overthink it.
Fuck, this is really dangerous!
Fuck.
Shit. That's not good.
-What do we do?
-What now?
-Let's go.
-Do we call the police?
-Hey, let's go. Come on.
-What the heck?
-Hey, Ting-yu, come on.
-Let's go!
-Come on!
-Let's go.
Let's go!
-Fuck you! Who said to light the big one?
-Fuck! What's wrong with you?
Whose idea was it?
Was it my idea?
-You shouldn't have bought them.
-It's my fault?
-Who else? Why are you yelling?
-Enough.
You think you're innocent?
-Fuck you!
-Stop it.
-Go home if you're so scared!
What's the point of arguing?
Fuck…
What do we do now?
Should we go back and check?
-They're fine, right?
-Are they?
I don't know.
Fuck!
For a cybercrime
where the victims are influencers,
we rely on tech now more than ever.
Chia-jen, I think for this case,
the High-Tech Crime Unit
should take charge.
Mr. Chieh assigned Li Hsin-ping to me.
If I need anything,
I'll contact her myself.
So you told her
to look into Yeh Pin-hsuan?
Do I report to you now?
No, Chia-jen.
Li Hsin-ping is a rookie.
She's too inexperienced
and impulsive for this.
And you know nothing
about the online world.
Don't think that she's just a woman
in a mask. Online--
Anyone could be Witch Baba.
Of course I know that.
Unless we narrow down the range,
this lead's completely useless.
Listen, we've already started.
MISSED CALL: TING-YU
THIS IS TING-YU, YO! YO!
XIMEN RED HOUSE
Hey!
Where's Lin Ting-yu?
I don't know.
I'm talking about your friend, Ting-yu.
Here.
He sent it to me, too.
When did he send it?
He disappeared
after sending this photo yesterday.
Around 2:30 a.m.
Is it from this angle?
Is it here?
What's this?
Ting-yu's blood.
Is this blood?
Hey.
LETTER OF REPENTANCE NAME: LI HSIN-PING
Hello, Mr. Jen?
Li Hsin-ping,
pull the surveillance footage now.
Mr. Jen,
I've been pulled from the case.
-Mr. Ho said if I keep--
-Lin Ting-yu is missing.
-What?
-Morning.
Morning.
Kao Pi and I are in Ximending.
-You mean…
-We found the place he was last seen.
My initial read is that he was kidnapped.
There's blood at the scene.
Blood?
Yes, Ting-yu's missing.
There's blood on the ground.
It's probably his.
There are surveillance cameras nearby.
I need your help.
Okay.
What do you need me to do?
Check for any suspicious people
or vehicles…
between 2 a.m. and 3 a.m.
Chengdu St.,
Lane 10.
Yeah.
Yes.
LI HSIN-PING
HIGH TECHNOLOGY CRIME INVESTIGATION UNIT
Obelisk reversed.
Orient Express upright.
Amazonia reversed.
In the future…
In the future,
someone will be stabbed to death.
Sorry about that.
Help!
Between 2:30 a.m. and 3 a.m.,
seven vehicles went in and out
of that alley.
One of them was reported stolen last week.
Follow the stolen car.
Ting-yu's not answering.
Keep trying.
I'm on Zhonghua Road now.
It went north from Zhonghua Road…
got on the expressway on Civic Blvd,
and then exited in Nangang
heading toward Xizhi.
And went on Huandong Blvd.
It last appeared
-at No. 20 Jiadong St., Xizhi District.
-Okay.
Don't hang up…
Can you send it to me?
Sending it now.
Ting-yu!
Is Ting-yu really here?
Shush.
Is Ting-yu going to die?
How do you know he's here?
Can you hear that?
What's that sound?
Before he died…
All her predictions
follow the same pattern.
She orchestrated the whole thing.
Suddenly, someone covered my mouth.
He was locked in that trunk,
just like I was.
UTURN NOTIFICATION
Hi, guys.
I'm in the hospital.
Witch Baba's prediction almost came true.
I'm the victim
of Witch Baba's stabbing prediction.
Last night,
late at night…
I was in an alley by the Red House.
Suddenly, someone covered my mouth.
Then my back hurt like hell.
And I ended up with this.
I don't know what was on that cloth.
It smelled weird, and I passed out.
I didn't see the perpetrator.
Later, I woke up in a car trunk…
and I was bleeding so much.
Luckily, in the end…
Officer Chen Chia-jen saved me.
I also found this in the trunk.
This is Wa Tsai's earring.
Before he died,
he was locked in that trunk,
just like I was.
Now I know Witch Baba's method.
She locked me and Wa Tsai
in the trunk to die.
After her prediction spreads,
she'd dump our bodies…
and say her prediction came true.
All her predictions
follow the same pattern.
She orchestrated the whole thing.
Hello, we're Egg Water River.
What are we discussing today?
The popular urban legend, "Witch Baba".
That's right.
The name Witch Baba
came from a Bulgarian psychic
named Baba Vanga.
The prediction cards she uses
are just an ordinary board game.
Just an ordinary board game.
You're always putting on a show.
Would you please…
remove your mask and show yourself?
Most fortune telling, or predictions,
rely on psychological illusions.
-Right.
-Witch Baba's method is more brutal.
She's just waiting
for the "post hoc fallacy" to happen.
"Post hoc fallacy"? What's that?
Hey, Hippo, let me tell you.
It's a coincidence!
-Coincidence!
-It's a coincidence.
I think this series of influencer killings
was orchestrated by Witch Baba.
From Wa Tsai, Ting-yu, to Lin Po-lun,
and she threatened Wei Yen.
That's why he fired the gun.
When Wei Yen opened fire
he didn't have a camera.
No one was filming.
People say he did it for show.
How is it a show if no one's filming?
"Post hoc fallacy" is a logical error.
Think about it.
Like lottery news, traffic accident news,
or earthquake news.
Aren't there accidents every day?
There are!
When does Taiwan not have an earthquake?
We get rocked every three months.
So Witch Baba's videos
are completely random.
This is hilarious.
I know why you won't take off your mask.
Because…
Because you're hideous. Shame!
Sometimes,
-she uploads every few days.
-Yeah.
Sometimes, she doesn't upload for months.
-What's she waiting for?
-What?
For something to happen.
Exactly, she waits…
I don't know why
she's targeting us influencers.
We're normal people.
Being influencers is just our job.
But nothing can extinguish
our passion for this job.
-Only recently
-Yes.
has she started
posting predictions frequently.
Just like Ting-yu said,
she wants to make
her own prediction come true.
I'm warning you.
If you touch my friends, I'll find you.
You're gonna be the next victim.
LITTLE EGG ROASTS DUCK EGG
Witch Baba could be anyone.
No matter who you are,
I'm sure you make a living online, too.
Please turn yourself in.
Stop hurting the community.
Stop killing.
-KEEP ACTING
-TYPICAL INFLUENCER
-CUT THE CRAP
-YOU'RE JUST WASTING TIME
Hey, Mr. Jen. Were you looking for me?
Yes, I'm taking you to meet someone.
Thank you.
Where are we going?
EMERGENCY
Come in.
Is that my hero?
Have you brought me something fancy?
Ding Shang Fried Rice.
It tastes great.
-Fried rice?
-Yes.
How could you?
You're recovering well.
Are you recording?
If you had come a little later,
you wouldn't see me anymore.
I wouldn't see a loser.
Still a loser with a million followers.
Who is she?
Hello.
I'm Li Hsin-ping,
from the Taipei City High-Tech Crime Unit.
-Hello.
-I watch your…
What's Up Yo! Yo! channel.
Thank you.
I have a few questions.
-I've already said everything.
-Is this your kidnapper?
-No idea. I didn't see anyone.
-Just take a look.
I don't know.
Was the perpetrator male or female?
Probably…
not female…
I think.
Are you sure?
Think again.
I don't know. I didn't see anyone.
Have you guys offended anyone lately?
-Us?
-Yes.
You, Wa Tsai, and Wei Yen.
Didn't you often film together?
You punks probably offend people
quite often, right?
Hey, what's she talking about?
I also think that the perpetrator
is targeting you guys.
What about Lin Po-lun?
I don't know him at all.
It's just random killing.
What about Yeh Pin-hsuan?
Who is she?
I don't know her.
We suspect that she killed Lin Po-lun.
But right now,
we don't have a motive.
But we're sure Liu Yen-hua
was killed by a man.
But she was at both crime scenes
and in RS E-Sports.
Post hoc fallacy.
Coincidence.
You learned that online?
Yes.
Check your phone.
What?
Hey, what's going on?
Are you leaving?
Why?
I don't know.
She locked me and Wa Tsai
in the trunk to die.
After her prediction spreads,
she'd dump our bodies,
then say her prediction came true.
All her predictions
follow the same pattern.
She orchestrated the whole thing.
Witch Baba?
POLICE RELEASE NAME OF WITCH BABA
SHOCKING! WITCH BABA'S IDENTITY EXPOSED!
WITCH BABA EXPOSED
ONLINE CAKE SHOP OWNER
-They found Witch Baba.
-It's confirmed.
Sweet Spot owner.
I found the name.
ONLINE CAKE SHOP OWNER
YEH PIN-HSUAN
Yeh Pin-hsuan?
-Killer.
-Dox her.
Make this go viral.
ABOUT YEH PIN-HSUAN
SWEET SPOT PRE-ORDER NUMBER
-So scary.
-She's a killer?
Send a photo.
-You sure?
-Ambush her!
-She's cute.
-Prettier in a mask.
-The killer type.
-Scary.
-Is it true?
-Really?
-They found Witch Baba.
-Killer.
-Her address.
-Confirmed.
Bring Wa Tsai back.
OCTOBER 5TH
Chen Chia-jen, Ho Chen-wei, get in here!
Sir.
About Yeh Pin-hsuan,
it's my fault.
I misspoke,
but I didn't do it on purpose. I'm sorry.
She was with you.
Chia-jen, I've warned you.
The online world isn't that simple.
What's going on?
The netizens find things
faster than we do!
Bring in Yeh Pin-hsuan
to get some answers.
Also, Ho Chen-wei,
your High-Tech Crime Unit
is responsible for this too.
Yes.
What's going on now?
Witch Baba uploaded a new video.
WITCH BABA
Hello, everyone.
I'm Witch Baba.
Today is October 5th.
Last time, I predicted that someone
would be stabbed to death.
And it came true.
We're still going to draw
the next prediction today.
Weather Rada upright.
London Big Ben reversed.
Alien reversed.
In the future,
someone will fall from a footbridge
and die.
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang